---
layout: post
title: Week One
---
#### What did I do this past week?

Aside from taking the time to get acclimated to my new courses, I have spent some time setting up my local work environment in preparation for new schoolwork. Since I am taking 3 CS classes this semester, I will need to be mindful of the different tools and techniques associated with completing each class' work. I am particularly excited in Professor Downing's OOP course as I will get the opportunity to work with a lot of new tools that seem useful in the industry. However, I will have to get used to Professor Downing's teaching style as I am not accustomed to teachers keeping the class so active. I appreciate his thoroughness when it comes to examples as this usually clears up any confusion that I may have.

#### What's in my way?

I will be grappling with the variety of tools and content with which I am doing my programming work this semester. I also do not have any experience in C++ but I hope to find a nice resource (maybe an online tutorial if need be) to compliment the information I gain in class. Other than that, I will verify that I have my Docker environment fully setup so that I don't run into any issues later on.

#### What will I do next week?

This week I plan on finishing the readings early while also getting a head start on the first project. I have a tendency to procrastinate so I would like to force myself to be more proactive.

#### Tip-of-the-week

Creating a static web page for yourself is a great idea (one that I have not fully completed myself). There are a lot of great services for creating a personal page, especially for free. Even this blog work is a good example of how to make a simple one using GitHub Pages. As a UT student, we can also host a [home page](http://www.cs.utexas.edu/facilities/documentation/web).
