---
layout: post
title: Week One
---
#### What did I do this past week?

I have spent some time setting up my local work environment in preparation for the new semester. I am taking 4 CS classes this semester so I will need to be aware of the different tools and procedures involved with completing the variety of work coming my way. I have also started on the assigned reading for this week along with some assignments from other classes.

#### What's in my way?

I anticipate being particularly busy this semester so I am trying to force myself to start things well in advance. This will include the projects for this class as I am sure they will take a significant amount of time to complete. As such, I will attempt to begin work on the first project right away.

#### What will I do next week?

This week I plan on looking at any class material before the actual class so that I am more prepared. Also, if I have not finished any of this week's assigned readings I will also finish those up.

#### What's my experience of the class?

From what I have been able to gather from the first couple of class sessions, this course will offer me many things that will be of use once I enter the workforce. This includes writing/communication abilities, time management, and new python skills.

#### Tip-of-the-week

Creating a static web page for yourself is a great idea. There are a lot of great services for creating a personal page, especially for free. Even this blog work is a good example of how to make a simple one using GitHub Pages. As a UT student, we can also host a [home page](http://www.cs.utexas.edu/facilities/documentation/web).
