---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---
#### What did I do this past week?

I was mostly focused on studying for my software design test. There is some good synergy between this class and software design. I also look forward to applying what I'm learning in software design to the projects in this class.

#### What's in my way?

I need to pay more attention to the readings. I think there may be some concepts that I need to go back and review so that I'm prepared for the upcoming test, which I also need to prepare for.

#### What will I do next week?

I am going to focus on studying for the upcoming test. I feel as though I have a good grasp so far on the content in the course but there are some little things that I need to practice. I need to reinforce my understanding of the various types and operators as I forget some of the specifics at times. I think reviewing that material and practicing implementations of the classes and functions we've covered in class will be good preparation. That combined with drafting test questions and working on other people's questions will make me much more comfortable for when I have to take the test.

#### What's my experience of the class?

My group for the upcoming project has been formed and I am interested in how we will approach the project. The project seems to be open ended so I'm glad we can choose what content our website will have.

#### Tip-of-the-week

[MindSumo](https://www.mindsumo.com/challenges) is a coding challenge website that has relevant tasks run by various companies. The challenges are interesting and are great practice as well.
